Make systemtest runs portable and re-runnable from CI artifacts (#724)
precice/tutorials: changelog-entries/724.md

> - System test run directories use relative Docker Compose paths and include a `rerun_systemtest.sh` script so CI artifacts can be downloaded and replayed locally (Closes #387).

Reviewer: Similarly as in other PRs:

- Past tense, start with a standardized verb.
- Refer to the PR, not the issue.
- Keep it short and user-oriented.

```suggestion
- Added the ability to replay system tests: System test artifacts now include a `rerun_systemtest.sh` script and are prepared to be portable. [#724](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/724)
```
